Lu Xuan, are you alright?
It's okay, don't worry.
Hey, man, thank you
I really want to thank me
Accompany me to a place tomorrow and help me with something
It's alright, let's go first
And so forth.
I let you go.
Send me
Lu Xuan, then you will send conscience tea.
I'll go first
Sister Lanxin, don't you have Sister Hua?
I don't want to
Then forget it.
Xiaohua dealt with the scene and sent the road less. It is better to go home.
I'll go first
I have it.
I hope to come back and marry you
Ah no
Phoenix is so sad for you.
What the hell is wrong with you?
It's okay to come out
Phoenix cares about him
I heard Li Guangzhi make a move
Came over as soon as possible
Li Guangzhi still breathed a sigh of relief
Don't worry.
Yes
Team Leader Jiang
You are
Didn't you say you can see the uniform?
Is it beautiful?
Sun Qian
What do you want?
Of course do what you want